"Talk is cheap. Show me the code." – Linus Torvalds
"Premature optimization is the root of all evil." – Donald Knuth
"Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it's bad." – Cory House
"Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute." – Harold Abelson
"Simplicity is the soul of efficiency." – Austin Freeman
"Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming." – Brian Kernighan
"Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen." – Edward V. Berard
"Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable." – Ralph Johnson
"Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand." – Martin Fowler
"Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight." – Bill Gates
"The most disastrous thing that you can ever learn is your first programming language." – Alan Kay
"If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in." – Edsger W. Dijkstra
"In theory, theory and practice are the same. In practice, they're not." – Yogi Berra
"There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things." – Phil Karlton
"Programming isn't about what you know; it's about what you can figure out." – Chris Pine
"Good code is its own best documentation." – Steve McConnell
"Don't comment bad code—rewrite it." – Brian Kernighan
"The function of good software is to make the complex appear simple." – Grady Booch
"Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public, but because it is fun to program." – Linus Torvalds
"To iterate is human, to recurse divine." – L. Peter Deutsch
"Programming is the art of telling another human what one wants the computer to do." – Donald Knuth
"Truth can only be found in one place: the code." – Robert C. Martin
"Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live." – John Woods
"Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place." – Brian Kernighan
"The best code is no code at all." – Jeff Atwood
"Make it work, make it right, make it fast." – Kent Beck
"Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away." – Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
"Code never lies, comments sometimes do." – Ron Jeffries
"The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it." – Dennis Ritchie
"The cheapest, fastest, and most reliable components are those that aren't there." – Gordon Bell
"One of my most productive days was throwing away 1,000 lines of code." – Ken Thompson
"Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later." – Fred Brooks
"Plan to throw one away; you will, anyhow." – Fred Brooks
"The best error message is the one that never shows up." – Thomas Fuchs
"Bad programmers worry about the code. Good programmers worry about data structures and their relationships." – Linus Torvalds
